# 01 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Hello World activity.
Coming from C++, it was a little difficult transitioning to Java syntax.



2. For the NSA Cryptography assignment, what did you learn about how Java parameter passing differs from C++?
I learned that Java only passes by value. 



3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the NSA Cryptography? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
I completed the Stretch Challenge. I added an IF statement at the beginning of hashUserPassword() that checks if the user's password is 
valid. (At least 8 characters and at least one digit).


4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
I learned that I could have used regular expressions to check if the password has a number in it.


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I don't have any specific questions yet. I am still getting used to using Java. As I continue to familiarize myself with Java, I will 
have more questions.


6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
I would add a username to the User class and a way to verify that each new username doesn't conflict with existing usernames.


7. A common Java interview question is "What are javadocs and when should they be used?". How would you answer that question?
Javadocs provide documentation of what a class is and how it should be used. Many developers have different opinions on 
when Javadocs should be used. Generally, a Javadoc should be used for every class and for every method that will be used by
anyone who didn't write the code.


8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The resources that helped the most were the links to stack overflow and other websites that described Java syntax for 
various situations.


9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
The least helpful resources were the videos about how to install the IDE. I only say this because I didn't watch the videos.



10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

01 Prepare - 1
01 Teach - 2
01 Prove 1st Attempt - 2
01 Prove 2nd Attempt - 0
01 Ponder - 1
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6 
