# 05 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Android activity.
One challenge we had was getting used to using Android Studio. The program was unfamiliar at first,
but after a little bit we were able to get used to it.


2. What is the difference between an Activity and an Intent?
An Activity is a screen of an app. An intent is what allows an activity to call another one.


3. Describe how the onCreate() callback works.
The oncreate() callback is the function that gets called when an activity starts.


4. What's the biggest challenge you've experienced regarding Android development compared to pure Java development?
The biggest challenge is trying to connect the Java code to the XML code for the layout of the app.


5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I can't think of any questions right now.


6. A common Android-related interview question is "What's the difference between onPause() and onDestroy() and what kinds of things might you do in those functions?". How would you answer that question?
The function onPause() is called when the user navigates to another app without closing the first one. 
Some things that might be included in this function would be saving the user's place in the app so that
when the user navigates back to the app it will look like they never left, and allow for the app to not crash 
while the user is away.
The function onDestroy() is called when the user closes the app. Some things that might be included
in this function would be ways to safely save the user's progress so that they can come back to the app later.


7. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
The articles on developer.android.com were very helpful. They were very clear about this week's material.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
They all helped.


9. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

05 Prepare - 1
05 Teach - 1
05 Prove - 5
05 Ponder - 1
----------------------------
Total Hours - 8
