# 04 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the GitHub activity.
This week's activity was very straightforward and we didn't have much difficulty completing it.


2. What are the advantages to using a version control system like git?
It makes it easy for us all to work on the project remotely. Because we all live in completely
different states, we cannot meet in person to look over the code. By sharing the code with git,
we can easily collaborate without having to meet in person.


3. What is the difference between git and GitHub?
Git is the type of version control we are using, while GitHub is a website that allows people to 
use git by hosting remote git repositories.


4. What is the purpose of branching in git?
Branching allows for a user to work on their own version of the code separate from the main branch
so that they can work on it without worrying about breaking the main branch. THen, when it works, they can
merge the branches back together.



5. Imagine you're working as a software developer for someone who doesn't have any experience with programming. How would you describe version control and git to your employer?
Git is a way for software developers to organize their work and collaborate with each other remotely.
Everyone working on the project has access to the files and can edit existing files and add their own.


6. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
I don't currently have any questions. I have used git before in past semesters, so I am already familiar
with how it works.


7. A common git-related interview question is "How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?". How would you answer that question?
To revert a commit, I would use this command: git revert <commit-hash>, where the commit hash is the hash of the commit the I want to revert. I would then 
push the changes to the remote repository.


8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
I liked the learngitbreanching tutorials. They were very useful in understanding how to use git.



9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
The katakoda tutorials were a little hard to understand at some points.


10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

04 Prepare - 1
04 Teach - 1
04 Prove - 3
04 Ponder - 1
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6
